Add citation for genderize.io (#91)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/10.methods.md

### Estimation of Gender

> We predicted the gender of honorees and authors using the <https://genderize.io> API, which was trained on over 100 million name-gender pairings collected from the web and is one of the three widely-used gender inference services that provide gender predictions with over 98% accuracy [@doi:10.7717/peerj-cs.156].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We predicted the gender of honorees and authors using the <https://genderize.io> API, which was trained on over 100 million name-gender pairings collected from the web and is one of the three widely-used gender inference services that provide gender classifications with over 98% accuracy [@doi:10.7717/peerj-cs.156].
```

Of the remaining authors, genderize.io failed to predict gender for 1,578 of these fore names.
We note that approximately 52% of these NA predictions are hyphenated names, which is likely because they are more unique and thus are more difficult to find predictions for.
87% of these names were predicted to be of Asian origin by last name (see the race/ethnicity prediction model below).

> While this bias of NA predictions toward non-English names has been previously observed [@doi:10.32614/RJ-2016-002], it did not affect the accuracy of the gender classification and the corresponding conclusion.

Reviewer 2: Do you mean in our paper or the one you are citing? If our paper, how do you know?

Author: The one we're citing. 

But in our paper: 
> 87% of these names were predicted to be of Asian origin by last name (see the race/ethnicity prediction model below).

Reviewer 2: The way the sentence is structured, I couldn't tell if you were saying "it did not affect the accuracy of the gender classification and the corresponding conclusion" for our work or them. If us, I didn't understand how that was known to be true. If them, I'd just move the citation to the end.

Author: I see what you mean now. And you're right. We don't.

What I meant was that this bias toward non-English names, different from, say, bias toward female names, is not **directly** affecting our estimate of gender compositions. It is difficult to quantify or even figure out which direction the bias would affect the final estimation (over vs. under-estimate of female scienists) because we don't have the ground truth.

How about this:
```suggestion
This bias of NA predictions toward non-English names has been previously observed [@doi:10.32614/RJ-2016-002] and may have a minor influence on the final estimate of gender compositions.
```

Reviewer 2: Works for me 👍
